Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
1 Hour Earlier
This way... This way...
This is it!
Pretty huge place. huh?
I'd caught sight of it while we were walkin'.
but I didn't think someone lived here.
You don't expect to find a structure like this
deep in Penta. the No Man's Land.
I'll have to write this down!
It's pretty tall.
Could it lead all the way to the Sphere?
Come now. visitors!
Do enter!
Episode 11
"Amo's Hospitality"
I don't like the look of any of this.
The living room's awfully messy.
Come to Amo's room for hospitality.
Also...
Take off those masks. now!
The stinky stuff can't make it in here.
so masks are safe to take off!
Besides. talking to Amo
without showing your faces...
Wouldn't that be so nasty?
So handsome!
So pretty!
So rugged!
It's so nice to see everyone's faces!
Let's see...
"Top floor is the girl's room.
Surprisingly whimsical interior."
You don't need to record this!
How's she got so many objects?
In the middle of a desert...
C'mon. now!
What's the thing you want to say?
I want to know about someone who can
come and go from the Sphere and the Ground.
I heard you'd seen them. so I'd like to meet—
Oh. that's it!
New topic: "what do you look for in a crush"?
Amo likes people with a strong smell!
The smell matters more than the face.
So... oh. yeah...
Amo likes that big man the best of all!
Wh-What the hell?
Brass tacks. lady.
Is this romance talk the price for info?
Price for... info?
We came to get info on
how to get to the Sphere.
"Romance talk" is one of the stranger
methods of payment I've heard of.
but we'll play along.
Oh...
That's weird.
That's weird. That's weird.
That's weird! That's weird!
That's weird! That's weird! That's weird!
You came here to talk to Amo. no?!
But you talk like all you
want to do is use Amo!
That's weird! That's weird!
Amo was so happy to finally
have visitors from outside!
Now you just want to use Amo?!
Well. that's not good.
You don't want to see Amo
unless you get something from Amo?!
That's the worst!
At least say you came here just
to see Amo even if it's a lie!
Hey. sorry. I didn't phrase that right.
I'm interested in you. girl!
Don't you dare lie!
Amo's not into you anymore!
Look...
Fine. Can I say what's on my mind too?
Could you cover up a little?
It's hard to concentrate. here.
Men who complain about women's fashion...
You're the worst of anyone so far...
Amo's breaking up with you.
Amo won't even let you be friends!
Figured. She's a Giver.
That's...
That mark is...
Take it away...
big man.
And Now...
What the hell...
did you just do... to Enjin?
Hey!
You did something. right?
You're a Giver. aren't you?!
And I see your boots have
the same mark as my 3R...
Just what the hell are you?!
Okay! What do you look for in a crush?
Why don't you talk?
Talking is how people communicate. you know?
If only Amo talks. then you and Amo
can't get to know each other better.
People always love talking about themselves!
So it'll be more fun if you all
talk about yourselves too!
Amo doesn't get many visitors. so Amo
wants to enjoy talking with all of you!
Well...
Maybe not the party poopers.
No way.
There's no way I can talk to this girl...
I think I'm gettin' it.
You only listen to people who play along
with your topic of choice
or are actively tryin' to bring it down.
Which means I bet you'll
hear me loud and clear—
You cow.
I'm not gonna listen to any more
of your creepy chatter. dumbass.
I dunno how you did that back there.
but if that's how you're gonna treat Enjin.
then I don't give a damn
about the Sphere anymore.
I see an enemy. and I'm gonna crush it.
Zanka.
How?
How could you say all those mean things?
Amo didn't do anything bad!
So mean... So mean...
Amo is so. so...
wounded.
What the hell?! You're on our side. Delmon!
She usin' her power to control you?
How dare you hurt her!
You bastards!
If you do anything else to hurt her.
you'll get no mercy from me!
Squee.
She is the reason I fight!
I will protect her! That is my sacred duty!
No.
He's not being controlled.
He means it!
I've spent enough time with him to know.
Hey. Hang on a minute.
This doesn't make sense.
What's going on here. then?!
Aw. you didn't realize?
Big man here has been Amo's fan for ages.
Delmon has?
Since when?
No.
Delmon wouldn't attack his own team
just because he had a crush.
You still don't get it...
Big man would gladly betray
you all just to help Amo.
But of course he would!
Amo hasn't done anything wrong...
Amo just wanted to talk. and you ruined it!
Vital Instrument—Ookiku Naare.
We just came here to get information.
but we got more than we bargained for.
Why does it always turn into a fight?
Is this my fault too?!
It is your fault.
Child with the blood of a criminal.
Filth.
Your filth pollutes everything around you.
Send the filth to the Pit.
Oh. I know!
There's another fan of Amo here. isn't there?
What Amo wants is for everyone to
stay and have lots of fun talking.
But... if anyone else says
something to ruin the fun.
my fan might just have to punish that someone!
You... Apostles...
What are you doing here?!
Get your head in the game!
You're not supposed to dodge my watering.
That vital instrument ties back
to Delmon's past.
It came from his desire to see
his plants grow big and strong.
So anything hit with the water
it spouts ends up growin'. right?
Yes. It controls the fluid
content in the target.
It can force it to absorb it like a sponge
and blow it up like a balloon.
But what happens to a balloon
that takes in too much water?
It pops.
I'm betting he "watered" Enjin from behind.
A big splash like that...
How'd he do it without Enjin noticin'?
He can change the nozzle setting
for different uses.
It appears he used
the "silent nozzle" this time.
He'd never used it on a person before.
That woman is definitely...
Hey. listen.
There's a lot I don't get about this.
but what we need to do is get Delmon to chill.
Gotta take care of problems quick.
Don't go alone. Riyo!
Delmon's a tricky opponent!
Stay close so that we can team up!
We can't lose another person!
There's another fan
of Amo here. isn't there?
Eyes forward. Riyo! C'mon!
Can't really trust any of them.
Riyo! Eyes front!
Pressure adjustment—Strong.
Oh. big man. your weapon's so powerful!
But don't bust Amo's house up too much!
That was close... so close...
You'd better help with the fixing-up later!
Focus. Riyo!
Look! Can't tell who's on your side now. huh?
You're scared. huh?
Amo told you... everyone would have
more fun if they just talked to Amo!
Talk about romance is the first step to peace!
She's nuts.
Rudo! Get up—
Damn. Damn it.
Rudo?
What's going on?
I thought I was on the Ground.
What's going on here?
I'm on the Ground. On the Ground.
I...
Am I back in the Sphere?
The hell's goin' on?
What's that smell?
It's like... huh?
Smells so familiar...
How do you think memories work?
Things you've seen... Things you've heard.
People you've spent time with.
All kinds of things turn into memories.
But Amo thinks it's about smell.
But if you won't talk about romance.
you can smell a nostalgic scent.
Then maybe you'll feel
a little more like romance!
Chiwa...
He's lovely. I'll treasure him forever.
You didn't...
You didn't. though!
You threw him away!
You threw him away while I watched!
She's after Rudo now?
It's the same as with Delmon.
That wasn't a real betrayal.
She's showing him something...
with that power of hers.
Showing him?
So silly.
Amo doesn't show anyone anything.
Amo just makes a smell.
Amo makes smells about happy times
spent with people you love.
Maybe the smell is different for everyone.
but everyone who smells it
always starts to protect Amo!
Amo said too much.
I get it. Which means...
If we breathe in that smell. we'll start
thinkin' you're a person we love?
Sounds like we'll be fine
if we wear our masks. then.
Thanks for givin' us that info.
Besides. not all memories of people
we love are necessarily happy ones.
I wonder what would happen if it
turned out to be someone we hated.
Maybe they'd wanna kill you!
Well. we're just gonna take you out anyway.
Stupid. You stupids!
You must be crazy! So stupid!
Remember. Amo told you...
The memories are of happy times!
Damn it. Damn it.
You abandoned me.
I hate you for that. So why...
Why does the happy feeling
seem so much bigger right now?
What's going on? Hey!
Stop it! Let me go!
Rudo!
Help me!
That hurt. dammit!
You'll pay for hittin' me. Rudo!
Apostles. I'm not like I was back then.
I've got real power now.
Power so I don't have to lose anyone again...
And the power to kick all of your asses!
Don't worry.
I'll protect you. Relax.
I'll beat them. For you.
Follo?!
Crush them!
Looks like we miscalculated.
They were all too far gone.
I never wanted to use my
instrument on a friend.
But I see I have no choice.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm